Docs: make friendly (#4511)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Extending/index-v8.md

## [FileSystemProviders (IFileSystem)](Custom-File-Systems.md)

> Details on implementing virtual file systems for things like media which will allow you to store your files outside of the physical file system (Cloud based, for example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details on implementing virtual file systems. This could be for things like media which will allow you to store files outside of the physical file system (Cloud-based, for example).
```
